{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13900\viewh25480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Resources consulted during project:\

\b0 \
Wikipedia\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript"}}{\fldrslt http://en.wikipedia.org/}}\
\
JavaScript documentation\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference"}}{\fldrslt https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference}}\
\
Stack Overflow\
\
Git documentation\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://git-scm.com/documentation"}}{\fldrslt http://git-scm.com/documentation}}
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
Project 2 Concept Deliberations:\
\
We use HTML to deliver content on web pages and CSS to style those web pages. Where does Javascript fit in? What can Javascript do that HTML/CSS cannot?
\b0 \
\
HTML and CSS create the structure and style of a page.  Their structures are static. To update or change the page while running, JavaScript interacts with the DOM to alter page elements. This enables the creation of interactive pages.\
\
\

\b Javascript, much like many other programming languages, utilizes functions. What is the advantage to using functions over \'93spaghetti code\'94?
\b0 \
\
Encapsulating your code makes it easier for you and others to read and maintain it. Also, if you have multiple calls to the same function, it makes your code more efficient to use one line to call the function, rather than having that code duplicated in multiple places.\
\
\

\b Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) are a great resource for any web developer. Explain in your own words what an API is, why it is important, and talk about any APIs you\'92ve explored or plan to use.\

\b0 \
APIs allow you to interact with other websites or tools to share data and functionality. For example, the Google Maps API used in this project allowed me to display a map that showed all the places I have lived and worked. I did not have to design and code the map myself. I only needed to provide the interface with the API. This saves a lot of time.\
\
Many social media tools, like Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and Pinterest provide APIs. They allow you to embed and feature your feed on your own web page. Many online games, like Guild Wars 2, also provide APIs. These allow you to show game statistics and events.\
\
\
}